# prologue

## Background

Yes, Indeed.

In the second era of the Prophet, the species of Human enjoyed the best fruit of the Earth.

The frontiers of that extensive empire were guarded by ancient and veteran legions.

The gentle but powerful influences of law and manners cemented the union of provinces.

Their peaceful inhabitants enjoyed and abused the advantages of wealth and luxury.

During that happy period of more than fourscore years, the public administration was conducted by the charity of Hugo and Eliz.

However, the disaster of tumults and wars raged again...

The division of Religion and the ambition of military leaders provoked the most dreadful calamities.

Barbarians, notably Koniloje, who long meditated his revenge, invaded the provinces of the North.

The union of empire was damaged by a growth of poverty and unjustice.

Citizens flee from cities and the countryside was deserted.

Luckily, the mine city of Globulin was spared.

That's where our story will begin....

## the chase of Relaly

In a small lane...

Guard: (* yell *) Stop! Catch her!

Relaly: (\* whisper \*) That will suffice. (\* spelling \*)

Guard: Ahh...

Relaly crash a tall man, who fell to the ground.

Karaka: Watch out, young lady!

Relaly: Sorry...

After several blocks, Relaly approached Player's house.

(\* knock knock \*)

Relaly: Hey. Open the bloody door, someone's gonna kill me.

Player: What? Then come in.

Relaly: I will go from the back window. Remember, you never saw me.

Player: Okay. Your sound is familiar to me nevertheless.

Relaly: Take this, if they scolds you. (* give out him a potion *)

Player: Oh..

Relaly: Bye, stranger!

Player: Bye... Hey wait! (\* whisper \*) That direction is almost deadly... I forgot to tell her...

Guard A: Citizen of Globulin, here I order you to open the door.

Player: (\* whisper \*) they came.. (\* yell \*) Sorry, but this is a private property.

Guard B: We are from Albumin, his majesty has formally established a request to arrest a very, very dangerous criminal. If she ever came to this house, it's your duty to report. It's good for the public and for yourself as well. We can't guarantee the safety of this town if you try to conceal something from us.

Player: Glad to hear there be another king, or, pardon me, kings in Albumin, huh?

Guard A: Heck. You open the door, or the sword opens the door!

Player: Wait, Wait! (\* whisper \*) people from Albumin really thinks they can reach that far? Greetings, sir!

Guard A: See, swords are better than words.

Guard B: (\* nodded, agree \*) You'd better make up for our wasted time. Let's see, what's in this crappy little rathole.

Player sneaks to the back of these two guards.

== Battle Tutorial starts ==

